July 27, 2018: Release 1.11

 This release fixes a number of minor portability issues and minor
 bugs. In cat and unixcrypt modes, "-" can now be specified as a
 filename to mean standard input. The emacs mode has been updated for
 compatibility with Emacs 26. Estonian translations were added. Thanks
 to Hugh McDonald, dcb314, d8uoba, Zhang Jun, and Duncan Bayne for
 reporting bugs, and to Estprog for the Estonian translation.

October 18, 2012: Release 1.10

 This release fixes a number of minor portability issues and minor
 bugs. The ccrypt core functionality has been factored into a
 convenience library libccrypt.a. A ccguess program was added to
 assist in the recovery of mistyped keys. Improved error checking and
 fixed minor compiler warnings.  Minor improvements to emacs support,
 and added a --disable-emacs configuration option. Thanks to
 bornlibra23 and Johannes Ruscheinski for bug reports.

August 28, 2009: Release 1.9

 This release fixes a number of portability issues. There is no change
 in functionality relative to release 1.8. However, compilation errors
 on several platforms have been fixed, including Mac OSX, Ubuntu,
 FreeBSD, and Solaris 10.  Also, rudimentary OS/2 support via EMX has
 been added. Thanks to Lester Ingber, Elbert Pol, and Michael Annino
 for reporting problems and helping to fix them.

June 5, 2009: Release 1.8

 This long-overdue release fixes some minor bugs and adds minor
 features. Added a new --keyref option to avoid double password
 prompt. Added a new exit code in case the key was not entered or not
 found. Added internationalization support and German and French
 translations.  Fixed minor bugs in user interface and updated emacs
 support. Password files ending in a DOS-style end-of-line marker are
 now correctly recognized. Improved portability and testing.

March 28, 2004: Release 1.7

 Large file support now works under cygwin. Prompting twice for
 encryption passwords is now the default. Added --disable-libcrypt
 option for systems where libcrypt is broken.

August 26, 2003: Release 1.6

 Fixed a potential (but rare) segmentation fault. 

August 25, 2003: Release 1.5

 Numerous improvements to the code and some bug fixes. --mismatch
 option now works again. Ccrypt now also compiles under the gcc-3.3
 compiler and the cc compiler.  Return values were made more
 meaningful. Autoconfiguration has been improved, and a new
 --with-lispdir configuration option was added.  The "check" target
 has been improved to work on more machines. Some bugs in emacs
 support were fixed.

March 29, 2003: Release 1.4

 Ccrypt now handles files larger than 2GB. Also, a much-requested new
 option --tmpfiles was added which causes ccrypt to use temporary
 files during encryption, rather than overwriting the old file
 contents destructively. This is less secure than the default
 behavior, but it prevents data loss in case of an interruption or a
 crash during crypting.

September 26, 2002: Release 1.3

 This release improves the speed of ccrypt by about 20-30% (in file
 mode), 45-50% (in filter mode), and 85% (in unix crypt mode).
 Encryption and decryption functions have been separated out into a
 library ccryptlib which can be used by other GPL-compliant programs.
 Encryption/decryption of write-protected files is now possible. Some
 bugs in adding/removing filename suffixes were fixed, and a new
 option --strictsuffix was added. Command line options were added to
 specify the second key in keychange mode. Pseudorandom number
 generation was improved by taking into account the current time in
 microseconds, not just seconds. The --timid option now also applies
 in filter mode. Autoconfiguration was improved.

January 29, 2002: Release 1.2

 This release provides vastly improved encryption/decryption speed. By
 optimizing one critical inner loop, ccrypt now runs about 2-3 times
 faster than the previous release. The only other changes were some
 minor improvements to the autoconf scripts. No new features were
 added.

November 28, 2001: Release 1.1

 There are two major changes in this release: first, I have added an
 option --unixcrypt, which allows the decryption of files that have
 been encrypted with the old unix "crypt" utility. Since the cipher
 used by "crypt" is broken and no longer secure, it is recommended
 that all such files should be converted to the ccrypt format. The
 second change is that ccrypt is now configured using the
 automake/autoconf tools. This should make compilation and
 installation a lot more standard and portable. This release of ccrypt
 compiles under Linux, SunOS, MacOS X, FreeBSD, AIX, and CygWin with
 no problems, and it should be portable to other systems with no or
 few changes. I have also added some tests that can be invoked by
 "make check", which check that ccrypt is working properly.

October 30, 2001: Release 1.0

 This is the first public release of ccrypt. It fixes the file format
 and the basic user interface. All future releases of ccrypt will be
 backward compatible with this format, i.e., they will be able to
 decrypt files that were produced by earlier releases.
